[PAN-3100] Add Privacy Marker Transaction content. (#32)
PegaSysEng/doc.pantheon: docs/Reference/Pantheon-CLI/Pantheon-CLI-Syntax.md

Set to enable [private transactions](../../Concepts/Privacy/Privacy-Overview.md). 
The default is false.  

### privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file

```bash tab="Syntax"
--privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file=<FILE>
```

```bash tab="Command Line"
--privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file=/home/me/me_node/myPrivateKey
```

```bash tab="Environment Variable"
PANTHEON_PRIVACY_MARKER_TRANSACTION_SIGNING_KEY_FILE=/home/me/me_node/myPrivateKey
```

```bash tab="Configuration File"
privacy-marker-transaction-signing-key-file="/home/me/me_node/myPrivateKey"
```

> `<FILE>` is the name of the private key file used to sign Privacy Marker Transactions. If unset, each transaction will be signed with a random key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<FILE>` is the name of the private key file used to sign Privacy Marker Transactions. If unset, each transaction is signed with a random key.
```

Use present tense (this one is per our actual standards not my I got here first standard ;-))

Author: Gah! Made a mental note to fix this but forgot.

> `<FILE>` is the name of the private key file used to sign Privacy Marker Transactions. If unset, each transaction is signed with a different random key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`<FILE>` is the name of the private key file used to sign Privacy Marker Transactions. If unset, each transaction is signed with a different, randomly generated key.
```

> `<FILE>` is the name of the private key file used to sign Privacy Marker Transactions. If unset, each transaction is signed with a different randomly generated key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<FILE>` is the name of the private key file used to sign Privacy Marker Transactions. If this command line isn't specified, each transaction is signed with a different randomly generated key.
```

I'm not sure 'If unset' makes it clear enough that you leave out the whole CLI option rather than just the <FILE>

Reviewer: I think this section needs a link to the How To topic on signing Privacy Marker Transactions.  If a user starts at the tutorial, then comes here, there's no link to anything further.
